# TODO Forgot??

# ???

General comments

Prior works:
Spell out authors of previous works

# SWIA

No broadcast: No cloning

Write down P2 falsely accuse...

Indistinguishable...

Approximate equal...

Slides text design

# MPQC

It's informal. But main contribution is "Q circuit"...
Just use Q circuit everywhere.

# Contribution

Mention BCKM is on this conference too

Say "contribution" instead of "construction" maybe?

# Routing

Explicitly claim QECC allows packet drops and still decode back to the original message
Some details can be just a bit more precise...?
Conclude the argument a bit better: They blame who again?

# MPQC

Maybe just "encrypt" everywhere instead of switching between "encode" and "encrypt"?

Garbage in, garbage out = breaks correctness

Correctness issue

Then dec

So no correctness issue (due to dec/verify)

After successful dec/verify, it's not invalid codeword

# High level
* Let audience know precisely what problem we have
* then precisely solve it
* No "loose ends"
* Need to see how to do this from 2nd idea to our construction for example

# Yu-Ching's comments

High-level walkthrough

Qubit-sending: Write authentication...

# Back to MPQC

Enc...? Goal: Enc + auth. Right now it looks like it's just tracing code.

Communication -> secret key
secret key -> QAS
QAS -> obtain enc + 

First say what's the ***goal***
At the end need QAS encoding of input.
Important because protect their own inputs: encrypt and authenticate.

Right now the way I do it sounds unnatural.
Say more, make it more complete.
Classical communication to get QAS key.
Everyone gets their own key and auth...

Main point: What we achieve and why

# Summary...?

Possibility of constant round + SWIA...? Bottleneck is routing.
Analysis is more modular and treats QECC in a more abstract way. IDPD.
PQ MPC SWIA: Folklore...?

-------------------

MPQC now

Dishonest majority
Constant round

What else can be extended to quantum?




